Documentation for Crowd (#544)
atlassian/data-center-helm-charts: docs/docs/userguide/CONFIGURATION.md

If you wish, you can run multiple Helm releases of the same product in the same namespace.

## :fontawesome-solid-network-wired: Clustering

> By default, the Helm charts will not configure the products for Data Center clustering except Crowd. In order to enable clustering, the `enabled` property for clustering must be set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Helm charts will not configure the products for Data Center clustering. In order to enable clustering, the `enabled` property for clustering must be set to `true`.

!!!info "Clustering by default for Crowd"
    Clustering is enabled by default for Crowd. To disable clustering, set `crowd.clustering.enabled` to `false` in `${CROWD_HOME}/shared/crowd.cfg.xml` and rollout restart Crowd StatefulSet after the initial product setup is complete.
```

Author: This is explained in line 258

Author: @errcode1202 addressed in new commit

        Because of the limitations outlined under [Bamboo and clustering](../troubleshooting/LIMITATIONS.md#cluster-size) the `clustering` stanza is not available as a configurable property in the Bamboo `values.yaml`.

    === "Crowd"

>         Clustering is enabled by default. To disable clustering, set crowd.clustering.enabled to false in ${CROWD_HOME}/shared/crowd.cfg.xml and rollout restart Crowd StatefulSet after the initial product setup is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Clustering is enabled by default. To disable clustering, set `crowd.clustering.enabled` to `false` in `${CROWD_HOME}/shared/crowd.cfg.xml` and rollout restart Crowd StatefulSet after the initial product setup is complete.
```
